Add `Community/osu!monthly` and `People/osu!monthly team` wiki page (#8596)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Community/osu!monthly/en.md

# osu!monthly

> **osu!monthly** is a monthly newsletter managed by the [osu!monthly Team](/wiki/People/osu!monthly_Team), with the goal of summarising the various community and official events, news, announcements, etc. that occur every month. The project has been led by several other groups of community members in the past, with the goal always being the same: inform the average player about the previous and current events in order to shed light over the entire osu! community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**osu!monthly** is a monthly newsletter managed by the [osu!monthly team](/wiki/People/osu!monthly_Team), with the goal of summarising the various community and official events, news, announcements, etc. that occur every month. The project has been led by several other groups of community members in the past, with the goal always being the same: inform the average player about the previous and current events in order to shed light over the entire osu! community.
```

Reviewer: if you accepted my other suggestion about spelling `osu!monthly team` with all lowercase, you also need to do it here for consistency

also, @Walavouchey I think we should rename the `People/osu!monthly_Team` directory to lowercase too, since there isn't a team for which this is an exact name, it's just a noun: https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/People/osu%21_wiki_maintainers

Reviewer 2: https://discordapp.com/channels/188630481301012481/1003689172420276246/1062416922664243260 convo about capital vs non-capital T, this was already discussed but feel free to weigh in yourself in the chat

Reviewer 3: it's a weird one since other groups with "team" in them are capitalised, except "osu! team". i don't have much of an opinion here though.

> ## Becoming an osu!monthly contributor

Reviewer: redundant
```suggestion
## Becoming a contributor
```

The osu!monthly is a community effort, so anyone who wants to help or contribute is always welcome to do so. All discussion and project organisation takes place in the `#osu-news` channel of the [osu!dev Discord server](/wiki/Community/osu!dev_Discord_server).

> The [osu!monthly Team](/wiki/People/osu!monthly_Team) consists of such contributors who consistently help out with the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [osu!monthly team](/wiki/People/osu!monthly_Team) consists of such contributors who consistently help out with the project.
```

> The [osu!monthly Team](/wiki/People/osu!monthly_Team) consists of such contributors who consistently help out with the project.
> 

Reviewer: this is not needed since you have the lead paragraph where this is explained
```suggestion
```

> All discussion and project organisation takes place in the `#osu-news` channel of the [osu!dev Discord server](/wiki/Community/osu!dev_Discord_server).

Reviewer: the whole section is oddly verbose and says a lot about nothing -- I've read it until the end and still not seen anything on how to become a contributor. maybe what you wanted instead was a short sentence or two pointing at the Discord channel only?

Reviewer 3: true, perhaps this last sentence would fit better in the lead paragraph instead of having this entire section

## History

> The original run of osu!monthly created by [jjrocks](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/30985), [Corin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/639270), and friends ran from March 2011 to October 2011. The magazine was then released in a `.pdf` format with all the most important information about the osu! community.

Reviewer: nit: `.pdf` is an extension, the format is PDF (which also expands to "portable document **format**", leading to the [RAS syndrome](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RAS_syndrome))
```suggestion
The original run of osu!monthly created by [jjrocks](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/30985), [Corin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/639270), and friends ran from March 2011 to October 2011. The magazine was then released in a PDF format with all the most important information about the osu! community.
```

> Inspired by the first version of the osu!monthly, a new team was formed thanks to [mangomizer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1893718) and [clayton](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3666350) and new iterations of the monthly could be published from October 2017 to February 2018. The format was still `.pdf` at the time, but with a more consistent and pleasing design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inspired by the first version of the osu!monthly, a new team was formed, thanks to [mangomizer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1893718) and [clayton](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3666350), and new iterations of the monthly could be published from October 2017 to February 2018. The format was still PDF at the time, but with more consistent and pleasing design.
```

> With a desire to once again revive this project, the [osu!monthly Team](/wiki/People/osu!monthly_Team) was formed with [0x84f](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7944724) at the helm, and relaunched the project this time directly as news posts, and not by `.pdf`. The project is currently ongoing.

Reviewer: think you don't need to capitalize the team word here (also the pdf bit is redundant, again)
```suggestion
With a desire to once again revive this project, the [osu!monthly team](/wiki/People/osu!monthly_Team) was formed with [0x84f](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7944724) at the helm, and relaunched the project, this time directly as news posts. The project is currently ongoing.
```

## Archives

### Season 1 (2011)

| Name | Date of publication |
| :-- | :-- |
| [osu!monthly #1](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-1.pdf) | 2011-03-05 |

> | [osu!monthly #2](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-1.pdf) | 2011-05-06 |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| [osu!monthly #2](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-2.pdf) | 2011-05-06 |
```

> | [osu!monthly #3](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-1.pdf) | 2011-06-07 |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| [osu!monthly #3](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-3.pdf) | 2011-06-07 |
```

> | [osu!monthly #4](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-1.pdf) | 2011-07-07 |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| [osu!monthly #4](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-4.pdf) | 2011-07-07 |
```

> | [osu!monthly #5](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-1.pdf) | 2011-08-15 |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| [osu!monthly #5](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-5.pdf) | 2011-08-15 |
```

> | [osu!monthly #6](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-1.pdf) | 2011-10-27 |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| [osu!monthly #6](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-6.pdf) | 2011-10-27 |
```

> More information can be found on the first version of the osu!monthly, check out [JJ's website](https://web.archive.org/web/20201112030400/http://jjwanda.com/projects/osumonthly.html)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information about the first version of the osu!monthly may be found on [JJ's website](https://web.archive.org/web/20201112030400/http://jjwanda.com/projects/osumonthly.html).
```

> ### Season 2 (2017 - 2018)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Season 2 (2017–2018)
```

| Name | Date of publication |
| :-- | :-- |
| [osu!monthly #1](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-2017-10.pdf) | 2017-11-04 |
| [osu!monthly #2](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-2017-11.pdf) | 2017-12-26 |
| [osu!monthly #3](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-2018-02.pdf) | 2018-02-17 |

> More information can be found on the second version of the osu!monthly, an official [website](https://osumonthly.com/) was also created at that time to list the team and archive the productions of the osu!monthly teams, so check it out!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information about the second version of the osu!monthly may be found on [the official website](https://osumonthly.com/), which also contains the team listing and production archives.
```

> ### Season 3 (2022 - present)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Season 3 (2022–present)
```

# osu!monthly

The **osu!monthly** is a self-generated project by members of the community, grouped under the name of the [osu!monthly Team](/wiki/People/osu!monthly_Team), to create a monthly newspaper that summarizes the news of osu!. Although there have been many different versions of this one, the project has always been the same and will remain so in the future: monthly summary of what's happening on osu! (and more precisely in the community).

## Becoming an osu!monthly contributor

The osu!monthly is a community effort project with people within the community contributing its making, therefore, anyone that wants to help contributing, such as to write, share your opinions and thoughts, or just to give any kind of feedback are pretty much welcomed! However, only the most regular people can really be considered as part of the [osu!monthly Team](/wiki/People/osu!monthly_Team/).

> To start, join the [osu!dev Discord server](/wiki/Community/osu%21dev_Discord_server) and verify yourself with the intention to help with the progress of osu!monthly. After you got verified, head over to the #osu-news channel on the bottom and start discussing your idea with the people alike!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To start, join the [osu!dev Discord server](/wiki/Community/osu%21dev_Discord_server) and verify yourself with the intention to help with the progress of osu!monthly. After you get verified, head over to the #osu-news channel (in the `COMMUNITY` category) and start discussing your idea with the team!
```

> It is also possible to reach out to 0x84f#0001 in Discord, the lead of the project, , but is not to be preferred.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
It is also possible to reach out to 0x84f#0001 in Discord, the lead of the project, but is not to be preferred.
```

Reviewer 5: double comma here @_@

## History and Archives

Below you will find the archive of all iterations of osu!monthly as well as information on the development of osu!monthly over time.

### The beginnings (2011)

The original run of osu!monthly created by [jjrocks](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/30985), [Corin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/639270), and friends ran from March 2011 to October 2011. The magazine was then released in a `.pdf` format with all the most important information about the osu! community.

#### Archives

| Name | Date of publication |
| :-- | :-- |
| [osu!monthly #1](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-1.pdf) | 2011-03-05 |
| [osu!monthly #2](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-1.pdf) | 2011-05-06 |
| [osu!monthly #3](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-1.pdf) | 2011-06-07 |
| [osu!monthly #4](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-1.pdf) | 2011-07-07 |
| [osu!monthly #5](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-1.pdf) | 2011-08-15 |
| [osu!monthly #6](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-1.pdf) | 2011-10-27 |

> If you want more informations about the first version of the osu!monthly, check the [JJ's website](https://web.archive.org/web/20201112030400/http://jjwanda.com/projects/osumonthly.html)!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want more informations about the first version of the osu!monthly, check out [JJ's website](https://web.archive.org/web/20201112030400/http://jjwanda.com/projects/osumonthly.html)!
```

### The resurection (2017-2018)

Inspired by the first version of the osu!monthly, a new team was formed thanks to [mangomizer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1893718) and [clayton](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3666350) and new iterations of the monthly could be published from October 2017 to February 2018. The format was still `.pdf` at the time, but with a more consistent and pleasing design.

#### Archives

| Name | Date of publication |
| :-- | :-- |
| [osu!monthly #1](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-2017-10.pdf) | 2017-11-04 |
| [osu!monthly #2](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-2017-11.pdf) | 2017-12-26 |
| [osu!monthly #3](https://osumonthly.com/pdf/osu!monthly-2018-02.pdf) | 2018-02-17 |

If you want more informations about the second version of the osu!monthly, an official [website](https://osumonthly.com/) was also created at that time to list the team and archive the productions of the osu!monthly teams, so check it out!

> ### A new beginning (2022 - now)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### A new beginning (2022 - present)
```

> With a desire to once again revive this project, the [osu!monthly Team](/wiki/People/osu!monthly_Team/) was formed with [0x84f](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7944724) at the helm, and relaunched the project this time directly as newsposts, and not by `.pdf`. The project continues to perpetuate, and hopefully for a long time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With a desire to once again revive this project, the [osu!monthly Team](/wiki/People/osu!monthly_Team/) was formed with [0x84f](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7944724) at the helm, and relaunched the project this time directly as news posts. The project is currently ongoing.
```
